Time to take a hour look at directors and not only repeat quickly what we've learned thus far but also
learn how to build our own directives and really dive into the difference between attribute and structural
directives.
And what this star means on the structural directives.
Well I already said it right.
We get attribute and structural directives attribute directives are called like this because they sit
on elements just like attributes and structural directives basically do the same.
But they also change the structure of the dorm around this element.
If you have Engy on a paragraph if that condition is false this paragraph is removed from the dorm.
So the overall view container is affected.
Whereas on the attribute directive you never destroy the element from the dawn.
You only change properties of that element.
For example the background color.
So that is why we have attribute directives only affecting the element they sit on and structural directives
which also affect the whole dorm or in the view container or the area around the element which they
were placed on.
That is the difference.
Now if that let's briefly have a look at the directives we already know in how to use them before we
then dive into building our own ones and learn more about structural directives.